1.  the IETF is a group that there job is to create internet standards and protocols.

2.  the communication protocol is a set of rules and conventions that decide how 
    data is exchanged between devices or systems in a network.

3.  RFC is a type of document that is used to publish technical and organizational notes about
    internet standards, protocols, procedures and related issues.

4.  HTTP is used for sending info over the internet and connect between different internet users (web servers, web clients..)

5.  https is a secured version of http, so for example both http and https used TCP as their transport layer protocol, however,
    https adds another layer of security by using TLS/SSL to encrypt the data.
    and in general when you search on the internet http will look like this: HTTP//www... where as https will be like this: HTTPS//www...

6.  the general model of the http protocol is a client server protocol where the client (web browser) sends a request to the server (web server), 
    and then the server will respond with the requested info.

7.  user header - a software that identifies the software and version that's used by the client to make the http request.
    web server - is a app of device that hosts websites and stuff for the client, and is always listening for an incoming http request and will respond to them.
    proxies - are servers that are located between the client and the server, and it will mediate between the 2. 

8.  proxies are used as a intermediaries between clients and servers, they're used for load balance, caching, security and anonymity.

9.  a protocol with a state is a protocol that saves information about the ongoing communication between clients and servers. stateful protocol remembers the history while stateless doesn't.

10. by default http doesn't have a state, however if you want to make it stateful you need to use cookies or sessions.

11. a. the client sends a https request to the server.
    b. the server reads the request and a http respond back to the client.
    c. the client receives and processes the response. 
    d. the connection will be closed (or kept open for further requests).

12. request headers are components of the http request and it gives more info to the server,
    such as the clients user agent, accepts content types, cookies...

13. cookies are info that the server sends to the client that the client will include in his http request next time he sends a request to that server.

14. the request line, the headers and the message body.

15. a status line, a series of http headers or header files, a message body.

16. http3 is designed to improve the performance and security of the web communication. 
    it's different from http2 because http3 uses QUIC as a transport layer while http2 uses TCP.
    another difference is that http3 has a much faster handshake.
    